feat!: update `github_default_registry` (#13)
stackhpc/ansible-collection-kayobe-workflows: roles/github/README.md

`github_image_tag`: tag used to select kayobe image defaults to `latest`

> `github_registry`: dictionary containing keys that correspond to `url`, `username`, `password` and `share` for the registry to be used by the workflows. By default it use repository varialbes and settings `REGISTRY_URL`, `REGISTRY_USERNAME`, `REGISTRY_PASSWORD`. The key `share` is to indiciate if the registry is shared between environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`github_registry`: dictionary containing keys that correspond to `url`, `username`, `password` and `share` for the registry to be used by the workflows. By default it uses repository variables and settings `REGISTRY_URL`, `REGISTRY_USERNAME`, `REGISTRY_PASSWORD`. The key `share` is to indiciate if the registry is shared between environments.
```
